Study Design
============

The dataset was generated by modifying the UCI HAR dataset as described
in the Coursera Getting and Cleaning Data course project instructions.  
See README.md and the run_analysis.R script for specific details.

Merging test and training data
------------------------------
The assignment is not clear on how to merge the test and training 
dataset.  However, the particpant list for training is much larger 
than the participant list for test, and both participant  
As a result, joining the two datasets to create new columns 
didn't seem to be the right answer.  Instead, I merged the testing data
with the training data to create on data frame with a set of test rows
and a set of training rows.

The resulting dataset still has the same number and type of columns.

I don't indicate which rows are test and which are training in the 
resulting dataframe, since it is not important for the assignment.

Choosing standard deviation and average columns 
-----------------------------------------------
Although the dataset had several sources of mean and deviation measurements,
I chose to use the "pure" mean and standard deviation variables, indicated
by the strings mean() and stdev() in the variable names.


Code Book
=========

* Subject

  Subject performing the activity.  

* Activity
 
  Type of activity being performed.

* tBodyAcc-mean-X-mean
* tBodyAcc-mean-Y-mean
* tBodyAcc-mean-Z-mean
* tBodyAcc-std-X-mean
* tBodyAcc-std-Y-mean
* tBodyAcc-std-Z-mean
* tGravityAcc-mean-X-mean
* tGravityAcc-mean-Y-mean
* tGravityAcc-mean-Z-mean
* tGravityAcc-std-X-mean
* tGravityAcc-std-Y-mean
* tGravityAcc-std-Z-mean
* tBodyAccJerk-mean-X-mean
* tBodyAccJerk-mean-Y-mean
* tBodyAccJerk-mean-Z-mean
* tBodyAccJerk-std-X-mean
* tBodyAccJerk-std-Y-mean
* tBodyAccJerk-std-Z-mean
* tBodyGyro-mean-X-mean
* tBodyGyro-mean-Y-mean
* tBodyGyro-mean-Z-mean
* tBodyGyro-std-X-mean
* tBodyGyro-std-Y-mean
* tBodyGyro-std-Z-mean
* tBodyGyroJerk-mean-X-mean
* tBodyGyroJerk-mean-Y-mean
* tBodyGyroJerk-mean-Z-mean
* tBodyGyroJerk-std-X-mean
* tBodyGyroJerk-std-Y-mean
* tBodyGyroJerk-std-Z-mean
* tBodyAccMag-mean-mean
* tBodyAccMag-std-mean
* tGravityAccMag-mean-mean
* tGravityAccMag-std-mean
* tBodyAccJerkMag-mean-mean
* tBodyAccJerkMag-std-mean
* tBodyGyroMag-mean-mean
* tBodyGyroMag-std-mean
* tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean-mean
* tBodyGyroJerkMag-std-mean
* fBodyAcc-mean-X-mean
* fBodyAcc-mean-Y-mean
* fBodyAcc-mean-Z-mean
* fBodyAcc-std-X-mean
* fBodyAcc-std-Y-mean
* fBodyAcc-std-Z-mean
* fBodyAccJerk-mean-X-mean
* fBodyAccJerk-mean-Y-mean
* fBodyAccJerk-mean-Z-mean
* fBodyAccJerk-std-X-mean
* fBodyAccJerk-std-Y-mean
* fBodyAccJerk-std-Z-mean
* fBodyGyro-mean-X-mean
* fBodyGyro-mean-Y-mean
* fBodyGyro-mean-Z-mean
* fBodyGyro-std-X-mean
* fBodyGyro-std-Y-mean
* fBodyGyro-std-Z-mean
* fBodyAccMag-mean-mean
* fBodyAccMag-std-mean
* fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean-mean
* fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std-mean
* fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean-mean
* fBodyBodyGyroMag-std-mean
* fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean-mean
* fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std-mean

   Variables from the UCI Har dataset which have been averaged for a given
   activity and subject.  See the file features_info.txt in the UCI HAR 
   Dataset for the meaning of each of these variables prior to the 
   averaging.
 


Instruction List
================
See README.md for instructions to regenerate the dataset.




